Alpha Mainnet Preview task (#143)
golemfactory/ray-on-golem: preview_tasks/alpha-mainnet-preview-task.md

- Send us your wallet address (so we can see real GLMs), the console output of the code execution on the mainnet, and Ray on Golem debug log file.
- Fill out the [submission form](https://qkjx8blh5hm.typeform.com/to/UlpvzPrD) (wallet, the logs, and meaningful and thought-out feedback)

**Troubleshooting**

> Should anything goes wrong check out the [troubleshooting section](https://docs.golem.network/docs/creators/ray/troubleshooting). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Should anything go wrong, check out the [troubleshooting section](https://docs.golem.network/docs/creators/ray/troubleshooting) for a possible solution.
```

If this doesn't help please reach out to us on [Discord: `#Ray on Golem` channel](https://discord.gg/golem). 
Ideally, please also upload the [webserver debug logs](https://docs.golem.network/docs/creators/ray/troubleshooting#ray-on-golem-s-log-files).

### The documentation

While going over the documentation consider its clarity, purpose, structure & completeness - we will be asking about this at the end.
The direction we should take with the docs is an important aspect of the Preview Program for us.

> After you succeed in running the code on the mainnet please read two new articles. 

Reviewer: should it be obvious _which_ new articles? it's _not_ obvious even to me --'

Author: listed the articles :) good catch

> While doing that consider additionally the potential usability of the presented mechanisms.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We're particularly interested in any feedback you may have on the usability of the mechanisms that we offer and present in our documentation for the work you usually do, or for any interesting projects that you have in mind.
```
